                        SAMPLE LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is made 

BETWEEN:
		Samuel H. Smith doing business as The Tool Shop
		8808 Moonbeam Ave
		Panorama City
		California USA 91401
		(hereinafter called "Developer"); 
AND:
                ___________________________________________
                ___________________________________________
                ___________________________________________
                (hereinafter called "Customer");

entered into this ____________ day of __________. 199___.


LICENSED PROGRAM PRODUCTS

In consideration of royalty payments by Customer to Developer as
outlined in Appendix A of this agreement, developer hereby grants to
Customer, and Customer accepts, on the terms and conditions herein, a
non-exclusive, non-assignable license to use, as described below, object
files, technical information and certain source to the products and
related materials, generally known as HS/LINK DEVELOPER KIT version 1.1;
hereinafter called "HDK".


TERM AND USE

This license authorizes Customer for a period of 99 years, to:

1)      integrate HDK into programs owned by Customer and to distribute
        HDK as an integral component of any program owned by Customer to
        customers, agents or distributors of Customer programs, whereby
        Customer agrees that distribution of HDK shall be limited to
        binary executable files only and that source, proprietary trade
        secret information, know-how, methods and specifications for HDK
        shall specifically not be distributed beyond Customer; and

2)      copy the HDK machine readable code, to provide sufficient backup
        in support of the above use for distribution as an integral
        component of any program owned by Customer. Customer may not
        copy HDK for any reason except as indicated above; and

3)      use any trademark of HS/LINK and HDK only in conjunction with
        HDK as integrated into programs owned by Customer.


UPDATE POLICY

Whereas Developer may from time to time modify or enhance HDK, Customer
shall have the option to License such enhancements or versions under
terms mutually agreed upon by both parties.


RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER

Customer shall be authorized to sub-license copies of executable program
code for HDK for the purpose of distributing HDK as an integral part of
programs by Customer.  Customer shall not distribute HDK without a
dependant Customer program.


COPYRIGHT AND CONFIDENTIALITY

Whereas Customer and Developer have agreed to exchange proprietary and
confidential property, both parties agree to hold in strictest
confidence all materials and information provided, to refrain from
disclosing any such information acknowledged to be the property of the
other party to a third party, to use this data or information only in
the performance of this agreement and to release it only to those
individuals requiring such information in the furtherance of the
objectives of this agreement.  The parti es acknowledge that the
provisions of this Agreement are necessary to protect the
confidentiality, value, and secrecy of such proprietary and confidential
property.

Both parties obligation with respect to Copyright and Confidentiality
shall survive any termination or expiration of this agreement.


REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND INDEMNITIES

Developer represents and warrants that HDK licensed herein to Customer,
shall not infringe upon nor violate any third parties' patent,
copyright, trademark, proprietary rights or trade secrets and that
Developer has a right to enter into this Agreement.

Developer makes no warranty or representation, either express or
implied, with respect to the quality, performance, merchantability, or
fitness for a particular purpose of HDK.  Developer will not be liable
for direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages
arising out of the use of or inability to use HDK.  In any case,
Developer's liability under this section shall not exceed the amount of
royalties paid by Customer to Developer.


SOURCE AVAILABILITY CONDITIONS

Customer agrees to the following conditions:

1)      HDK and HDK source code provided under this agreement is subject
        to the understanding that it conveys no transfer of ownership of
        HDK to Customer and that all copyright or ownership of HDK shall
        remain with Developer.

2)      Any HDK source code, proprietary trade secret information,
        know-how, methods and specifications, provided under this
        agreement is for Customer's use only and can not be provided by
        Customer to any customer of Customer or any third party.  All
        access to HDK must be restricted to employees of Customer or to
        third parties or consultants who have signed a confidentiality
        agreement with Customer.


PAYMENT AND RECORDING

Customer agrees to hold royalties and to safeguard same in a reasonable
manner until disbursement to Developer.  Disbursement of royalties may
occur at regular intervals as deemed to be convenient by Developer and
Customer, but must occur at least once during each annual calendar
quarter.

Customer shall keep and maintain, in accordance with standard and
accepted accounting policies and procedures, records with reference to
royalties.  When requested by Developer, such records shall be open at
reasonable times and at reasonable intervals for Developer, through an
independent, third party Certified Public Accountant or its equivalent,
to inspect such records for the purpose of verifying compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement.  Inspection of the records shall be done
during normal busi ness hours and in such a manner as to avoid
disruption of the business of Customer.


NOT A JOINT VENTURE

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed as
creating a joint venture or partnership between Customer and Developer.
No party is by virtue of this Agreement authorized as an agent, employee
or legal representative of any other party.  Except as specifically set
forth herein, no party shall have power to control the activities and
operations of the other and their status is, and at all times will
continue to be, that of independent contractors.  Further, no party
shall have any power o r authority to bind or commit the other under
this agreement.


GENERAL PROVISIONS

The parties agree that this Agreement shall constitute the complete and
exclusive statement of the Agreement between them and supersedes all
proposals, oral or written, and all other communications between them
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

No agreement changing, modifying, amending, extending, superseding,
discharging, or terminating this Agreement or any provisions herein
shall be valid unless it is in writing and is dated and signed by duly
authorized representatives of the party or parties to be charged.

The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and in the event that
any provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the
remaining provisions shall not in any way be effected or impaired
thereby.

Failure of any of the parties to enforce any of the provisions of this
Agreement or any rights with respect thereto or failure to exercise any
election provided for herein, shall in no way be considered a waiver of
such provisions, rights, or elections or in any way to effect the
validity of this Agreement.  No term or provision of this Agreement
shall be deemed waived and no breach excused, unless such waiver or
consent shall be in writing and signed by the party claimed to have
waived or consented.  Any c onsent by any party to, or waiver of, a
breach by the other, whether expressed or implied, shall not constitute
a consent to, waiver of, or excuse for any other different or substitute
breach.

This Agreement is entered into and shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California, except that
questions affecting the construction and effect of any copyright or
trademark shall be determined by the law of the country in which the
copyright or trademark right was granted.  By the execution of this
Agreement, both parties agree to be subject to the jurisdiction of the
Federal and State courts of the State of California with respect to this
Agreement.

If either party brings an action to enforce any provision of this
Agreement, the prevailing party in said action shall be entitled to
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees.

Headings used in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not be deemed a part of this Agreement.

The signatories hereto personally warrant (i) that they have the right
and power to enter into this Agreement, to grant the rights granted
hereunder, and (ii) that upon the execution of this Agreement, it shall
constitute a valid, binding and enforceable agreement of the parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first mentioned above.


AGREED TO:                                ACCEPTED BY:

CUSTOMER                                  DEVELOPER

By:     ________________________          By:     _________________________

Title:  ________________________          Title:  _________________________

Date:   ________________________          Date:   _________________________


______________________________            _______________________________
Authorized Signature                      Authorized Signature

                               APPENDIX A

                            ROYALTY PAYMENTS



	Option 1:

          For each copy of HDK distributed by Customer as an integral
          part of a Customer program:
                                                         $____ US




	Option 2:

          Lump sum prepayment for the first 2000 copies of HDK distributed
          by Customer as an integral part of a Customer program:
                                                     $________ US

          For each additional copy of HDK distributed by Customer as an
          integral part of a Customer program:
                                                         $____ US





	Option: __________	Initial: __________

